---


---

<p>“Is it ACRES?” I say aloud, breaking the low monotonous drone of the car.  “Yeah, that fits!” responds a mumbled voice in my earbud.  I’m helping out via phone on my team’s weekly Friday crossword puzzle.  They’re all on a video confrence but since we’re passing through questionable service, I have to phone in instead.  Sierra’s driving and only hears my side of the conversation; she must have no idea how this relates to my job.   Knowing fun facts about the size of National Parks does come in handy, even as a software engineer.</p>
<p>I’m “working from car” today because we’re aiming to squeeze in one last backpacking trip before summer’s over.  I figured it would be convienet to fit in a quick trip on our way up to Washington for my cousin’s wedding.  Our aim is a 41 mile trek circumnavigating the base of Mt. Hood, the Timberline Trail.  This route caught my eye the previous summer; it shares a portion with the Pacific Crest Trail, which I was completing as my first long distance thru-hike.  One unfortunate aspect of hiking the entire west coast in a single season is that you don’t have much time for lollygagging.  I distinctly remember being enamoured with the Mt. Hood wilderness and making a mental note to come back and experience it at a more leisurly pace.  Now was my opportunity for just that.</p>
<p>We’re somewhere in southern Oregon heading up highway 97.  Imperceptible changes to the landscape have taken their toll; it’s obvious we’re not in California anymore.  The distinction however is mostly by map as the rolling green hills look no different than those we passed 30 minutes ago.  A prominently displayed yellow flag adorned with offset black Xs reminds me we’re <em>actually</em> not in Oregon, not yet.  In fact, we left California hundreds of miles ago when we crossed into Mendocino County, the start of the proposed State of Jefferson.  It’s still just a concept but it’s very real to the people who reside here.  I can’t help but feel like we don’t belong amid the big trucks belching black smoke out their stovepipe exhausts.  This is what I like to call “Trump’s America” and feels like a foreign country compared to the progressive mindset of the bay area.  Don’t mind us liberals though, we’re just passing through.</p>
<p>We pull into the Best Western parking lot in Government Camp after dark.  It’s too late to start the trail and we both agree it’s best to get a good night’s sleep instead.  By now the summer crowd has dwindled so the hotel is deserted.  The front desk attendant is a middle aged woman who’s unexpectedly chipper for this hour.  I admire the 3d printed pen holder on the counter, which she explains is the handy work of her coworker who will be on shift tomorrow afternoon.  I almost forget my credit card on the counter and crack a joke about how she could have used it to buy herself useless stuff on Amazon.  She laughs and tells Sierra “You’re husband is funny, you’re lucky!”.  We’re not married; in fact we’ve been together less than a yearbbut get that comment all the time.  It’s a running joke amongst our friends that we eloped during one of our previous trips to Washington and are already secretly married.</p>
<p>The next morning is a slow start followed by nervous packing and repacking in the Timberline Lodge parking area.  Best known for it’s role as the creepy Overlook Hotel from “The Shining”, today the lodge serves as our starting point.  The autumnal air is crisp and clear with views of limitless green forest sweeping down from my vantage.  The mountain peak is so close, it’s skewed aspect looks like a wall rising up behind the steepled roof.  The ritzy lodge patrons out for a morning stroll can’t help but stare as I struggle into my hiking pants while avoiding the dirty pavement.  Gravity eventually wins out and I’m forced to step off my shoe-top safeguard to prevent a faceplant.  I don’t know what all this fuss is about anyway, it’s not like I’m getting dressed for a wedding.  The dusty miles will soon have their way with my attire and there’s nothing I can do to stop it.</p>
<p>We hit our first roadblock on the second day, and by roadblock I mean ROAD BLOCK.  Unbeknownst to me, a week before a record breaking windstorm hit the Mt. Hood wilderness.  Sustained 90mph winds ravaged the forest and uprooted thousands of trees.  Those blowdowns now lay before us; an obstacle course of branches, bows, and trunks.</p>

